c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Sample1.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Sample1.pdb
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Sample1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.g.resources
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.pdb
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.Ext.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.WindowsAzure.Mobile.UI.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\Bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\julio\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Sample1\Sample1\obj\Debug\Sample1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
